---
title: "Workshop Publications"
collection: publications
---

- <strong>[SPAWC '23]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>W. Zhang, Y. Wang, X. Chen, and Z. Tian</em>. “Spectrum Transformer: Wideband Spectrum Sensing using Multi-Head Self-Attention,” <em>in Proceedings of the IEEE International Workshop on Signal Processing Advances in Wireless Communications</em>, Aug. 2022.  
- <strong>[SPAWC '23]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>W. Zhang, Y. Wang, X. Chen, and Z. Tian</em>. “Spectrum Transformer: Wideband Spectrum Sensing using Multi-Head Self-Attention,” <em>in Proceedings of the IEEE International Workshop on Signal Processing Advances in Wireless Communications</em>, Sep. 2023.  
- <strong>[MLSys-CI '22]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, D. Wang, L. Shangguan, M. Zhang, C. Liu, T. Soyata, and X. Chen</em>. “A Survey of Multi-Tenant Deep Learning Inference on GPU,” <em>in Proceedings of the Conference on Machine Learning and Systems, Workshop on Cloud Intelligence / AIOps</em>, Aug. 2022.  
- <strong>[CVPR-V4AS '20]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, D. Wang, Y. Chen, N. Karianakis, P. Yu, D. Lymberopoulos, and X. Chen</em>. “Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Object Detection via Cross-Domain Semi-Supervised Learning,” <em>in Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, Workshop on Vision for all Seasons: Adverse Weather and Lighting Conditions</em>, Jun. 2020.  
- <strong>[SEC '19]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Qin, F. Yu, and X. Chen</em>. “Task-Adaptive Incremental Learning for Intelligent Edge Devices,” <em>in Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE Symposium on Edge Computing</em>, pp. 340~341, Nov. 2019.  
- <strong>[KDD-AIoT '19]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, and X. Chen</em>. “DoPa: A Fast and Comprehensive CNN Defense Methodology against Physical Adversarial Attacks,” <em>in Proceedings of the ACM SigKDD Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, Workshop on Artificial Intelligence of Things</em>, No. 3, Aug. 2019.  
- <strong>[NIPS-CDNNIA '18]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Qin, F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “Demystifying Neural Network Filter Pruning,” <em>in Proceedings of the Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, Workshop on Compact Deep Neural Networks with Industrial Applications</em>, No.24, Dec. 2018.  
- <strong>[NIPS-CDNNIA '18]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, Z. Qin, and X. Chen</em>. “Distilling Critical Paths in Convolutional Neural Networks,” <em>in Proceedings of the Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, Workshop on Compact Deep Neural Networks with Industrial Applications</em>, No. 34, Dec. 2018.  
- <strong>[USENIX HotPower '14]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, K. Nixon, H. Zhou, Y. Liu, and Y. Chen</em>. “FingerShadow: An OLED Power Optimization based on Smartphone Touch Interactions,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Workshop on Power-Aware Computing and System</em>, No. 6, Oct. 2014.  
- <strong>[USENIX HotPower '14]</strong> <em>K. Nixon, X. Chen, H. Zhou, Y. Liu, and Y. Chen</em>. “Mobile GPU Power Consumption Reduction via Dynamic Resolution and Frame Rate Scaling,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Workshop on Power-Aware Computing and System</em>, No. 5, Oct. 2014.  
- <strong>[USENIX HotMobile '13]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, Y. Chen, Z. Ma, and F. Fernandes</em>. “How is Energy Consumed in Smartphone Display Applications?” <em>in Proceedings of the International Workshop on Mobile Computing Systems and Applications</em>, No. 3, Feb. 2013.   