---
title: "Conference Posters and Tracks of Work-in-Progress"
collection: publications
---
- <strong>[DAC-WIP '23]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>C. Xu, F. Yu, Z. Xu, C. Liu, J. Xiong, and X. Chen</em>. “QuadraNet: Improving High-Order Neural Interaction Efficiency with Hardware-Aware Quadratic Neural Networks,” <em>the Design Automation Conference, Work-in-Progress Workshop</em>, Jul. 2023.  
- <strong>[MLSys-CrossFL '22]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Y. Yu, F. Yu, Z. Xu, D. Wang, M. Zhang, A. Li, S. Bray, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “Powering Multi-Task Federated Learning with Competitive GPU Resource Sharing,” <em>the Conference on Machine Learning and Systems, Workshop on Cross-Community Federated Learning: Algorithms, Systems and Co-designs</em>, Poster, Sep. 2022.   
- <strong>[DAC-WIP '22]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Y. Yu, F. Yu, Z. Xu, D. Wang, M. Zhang, A. Li, S. Bray, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “Rethinking Multi-Tenant AI with GPU Computing,” <em>the Design Automation Conference, Work-in-Progress Workshop</em>, Jul. 2022.  
- <strong>[DAC-WIP '22]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>S. Bray, Z. Xu, X. Chen, and C. Liu</em>. “An In-Sensor Adversarial Attacks Defending Approach with Computing-in-Memory Engine,” <em>the Design Automation Conference, Work-in-Progress Workshop</em>, Jul. 2022.  
- <strong>[DAC-WIP '21]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, Z. Xu, D. Wang, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “DeltaNet: High-Performance Federated Learning with Hybrid Data and Model Parallelism,” <em>the Design Automation Conference, Work-in-Progress Workshop</em>, Dec. 2021.  
- <strong>[IBM-AICS '20]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, J. Xiong, F. Yu, and X. Chen</em>. “Efficient Neural Network Implementation with Quadratic Neuron,” <em>the IBM IEEE CAS/EDS AI Compute Symposium</em>, Poster, Nov. 2020.  
- <strong>[IBM-AICS '19]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “A Comprehensive and Lightweight CNN Defense Methodology against Physical Adversarial Attacks on Embedded Multimedia Applications,” <em>the IBM IEEE CAS/EDS AI Compute Sym.</em>, Poster, Oct. 2019.  
- <strong>[SEC-EdgeSP '18]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Qin, F. Yu, C. Liu, Y. Wang, and X. Chen</em>. “Adge: An ADMM-Based Audio Adversarial Example Generation Method,” <em>the ACM/IEEE Symposium on Edge Computing, Workshop on Security and Privacy in Edge Computing</em>, Poster, Oct. 2018.  
- <strong>[DAC-WIP '18]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, Q. Dong, and X. Chen</em>. “ASP: A Fast Adversarial Attack Example Generation Framework based on Adversarial Saliency Prediction,” <em>the Design Automation Conference, Work-in-Progress Workshop</em>, Jun. 2018.  
- <strong>[DAC-WIP '18]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, and X. Chen</em>. “Performance-Aware Dynamic Model Generation for Convolutional Neural Network in Mobile Systems,” <em>the Design Automation Conference, Work-in-Progress Workshop</em>, Jun. 2018.  
- <strong>[DAC-WIP '13]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, Z. Ma, F. Fernandes, J. Xue, and Y. Chen</em>. “Dynamic Tone Mapping on OLED Display based on Video Classification,” <em>the Design Automation Conference, Work-in-Progress Workshop</em>, Jun. 2013.  
- <strong>[DAC-WIP '13]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, and H. Li</em>. “P-Spectrum: A Personalized Smartphone Power Management Technique based on Real-time Battery and User Behavior Monitoring,” <em>the Design Automation Conference, Work-in-Progress Workshop</em>, Jun. 2013.  
- <strong>[DAC-WIP '13]</strong> <em>K. Nixon, X. Chen, Z. Mao, K. Li, and Y. Chen</em>. “The Invisible Shield: User Classification and Authentication for Mobile Device based on Gesture Recognition,” <em>the Design Automation Conference, Work-in-Progress Workshop</em>, Jun. 2013.   