---
title: "Conference Papers"
collection: publications
---
- <strong>[ICML '24]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>C. Xu, F. Yu, Z. Xu, N. Inkawhich, and X. Chen</em>. “Out-of-Distribution Detection via Deep Multi-Comprehension Ensemble,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conference on Machine Learning</em>, to appear, 2024.  
- <strong>[ICASSP '24]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>P. Xu, Y. Wang, X. Chen, and Z. Tian</em>. “Communication-Efficient Decentralized Dynamic Kernel Learning,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing</em>,  pp. 7135~7139, 2024.  
- <strong>[ASP-DAC '24]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>C. Xu, F. Yu, Z. Xu, C. Liu, J. Xiong, and X. Chen</em>. “QuadraNet: Improving High-Order Neural Interaction Efficiency with Hardware-Aware Quadratic Neural Networks,” <em>in Proceedings of the Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 19~25, 2024.  
- <strong>[ICML '23]</strong> <em>J. Zhang, A. Li, M. Tang, J. Sun, X. Chen, F. Zhang, C. Chen, Y. Chen, and H. Li</em>. “Fed-CBS: A Heterogeneity-Aware Client Sampling Mechanism for Federated Learning via Class-Imbalance Reduction,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conference on Machine Learning</em>, pp. 41354~41381, 2023.  
- <strong>[DAC '23]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Y. Yu, F. Yu, C. Liu, X. Sheng, and X. Chen</em>. “EagleRec: Edge-Scale Recommendation System Acceleration with Inter-Stage Parallelism Optimization on GPUs,” <em>in Proceedings of the Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 1~6, 2023.  
- <strong>[ICCASP '22]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>P. Xu, Y. Wang, X. Chen, and Z. Tian</em>. “Deep Kernel Learning Network with Multiple Learning Paths,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, \& Signal Processing</em>, pp. 4438~4442, 2022.  
- <strong>[ICC '22]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>W. Zhang, Y. Wang, F. Yu, Z. Qin, X. Chen, and Z. Tian</em>. “Wideband Spectrum Sensing based on Collaborative Multi-Task Learning,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conference on Communication</em>, pp. 1~6, 2022.  
- <strong>[MLSys '22]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, J. Xiong, and X. Chen</em>. “QuadraLib: A Performant Quadratic Neural Network Library for Architecture Optimization and Design Exploration,” <em>in Proceedings of the Conference on Machine Learning and Systems</em>, pp. 503~514, 2022.  
- <strong>[WACV '22]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, C. Liu, H. Wang, and X. Chen</em>. “FalCon: Fine-grained Feature Map Sparsity Computing with Decomposed Convolutions for Inference Optimization,” <em>in Proceedings of the Winter Conference on Applications of Computer Vision</em>, pp. 3634~3644, 2022.  
- <strong>[WACV '22]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, D. Wang, Y. Chen, N. Karianakis, T. Shen, P Yu, D. Lymberopoulos, S. Lu, W. Shi, and X. Chen</em>. “SC-UDA: Style and Content Gap Aware Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Object Detection,” <em>in Proceedings of the Winter Conference on Applications of Computer Vision</em>, pp. 1061~1070, 2022.  
- <strong>[ICCAD '21]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, S. Bray, D. Wang, L. Shangguan, X. Tang, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “Automated Runtime-Aware Scheduling for Multi-Tenant DNN Inference on GPU,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conference on Computer-Aided Design</em>, pp. 1~9, 2021.  
- <strong>[DAC '21]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, J. Xiong, and X. Chen</em>. “Helios: Heterogeneity-Aware Federated Learning with Dynamically Balanced Collaboration,” <em>in Proceedings of the Design Automation Conference</em>,  pp. 997~1022, 2021.  
- <strong>[KDD '21]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, W. Zhang, Z. Qin, Z. Xu, D. Wang, C. Liu, Z. Tian, and X. Chen</em>. “Fed$^2$: Feature-Aligned Federated Learning,” <em>in Proceedings of the ACM SigKDD Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining</em>, pp. 2066~2074, 2021.  
- <strong>[SEC '20]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, D. Stamoulis, D. Wang, D. Lymberopoulos, and X. Chen</em>. “Exploring the Design Space of Efficient Deep Neural Networks,” <em>in Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE Symposium on Edge Computing</em>,  pp. 317~318, 2020.  
- <strong>[SEC '20]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen and Z. Qin</em>. “Exploring Decentralized Collaboration in Heterogeneous Edge Training,” <em>in Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE Symposium on Edge Computing</em>,  pp. 450~453, 2020.  
- <strong>[ISLPED '20]</strong> <em>C. Liu, F. Yu, Z. Qin, and X. Chen</em>. “Enabling Efficient ReRAM-based Neural Network Computing via Crossbar Structure Adaptive Optimization,” <em>in Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Low Power Electronics and Design</em>, pp. 133~138, 2020.  
- <strong>[ECCV '20]</strong> <em>X. Ma, W. Niu, T. Zhang, S. Liu, S. Lin, H. Li, X. Chen, J. Tang, K. Ma, B. Ren, and Y. Wang</em>. “An Image Enhancing Pattern-based Sparsity for Real-time Inference on Mobile Devices,” <em>in Proceedings of the European Conference on Computer Vision</em>, pp. 629~645,  2020.  
- <strong>[DATE '20]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, C. Liu, D. Wang, Y. Wang, and X. Chen</em>. “AntiDOte: Attention-based Dynamic Optimization for Neural Network Runtime Efficiency,” <em>in Proceedings of the Design Automation and Test in Europe Conference</em>,  pp. 951~956, 2020.  
- <strong>[DATE '20]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, Z. Qin, D. Wang, P. Xu, C. Liu, Z. Tian, and X. Chen</em>. “DC-CNN: Computational Flow Redefinition for Efficient CNN Inference through Model Structural Decoupling,” <em>in Proceedings of the Design Automation and Test in Europe Conference</em>, pp. 1097~1102, 2020.  
- <strong>[ASP-DAC '20]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “LanCe: A Comprehensive and Lightweight CNN Defense Methodology against Physical Adversarial Attacks on Embedded Multimedia Applications,” <em>in Proceedings of the Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 470~475, 2020.  
- <strong>[ASP-DAC '20]</strong> <em>X. Ma, G. Yuan, S. Lin, C. Ding, F. Yu, T. Liu, W. Wen, X. Chen, and Y. Wang</em>. “Tiny but Accurate: A Pruned, Quantized and Optimized Memristor Crossbar Framework for Ultra Efficient DNN Implementation,” <em>in Proceedings of the Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 301~306, 2020.  
- <strong>[CIKM '19]</strong> <em>X. Guo, A. Alipour-Fanid, L. Wu, H. Purohit, X. Chen, K. Zeng, and Liang Zhao</em>. “Multi-stage Deep Classifier Cascades for Open World Recognition,” <em>in Proceedings of the ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management</em>, pp. 179~188, 2019.  
- <strong>[BMVC '19]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Qin, F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “Functionality-Oriented Convolutional Filter Pruning,” <em>in Proceedings of the British Machine Vision Conf.</em>, No. 229, 2019.   
- <strong>[IJCAI '19]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, Z. Qin, C. Liu, L. Zhao, Y. Wang, and X. Chen</em>. “Interpreting and Evaluating Neural Network Robustness,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence</em>, pp. 4199~4205, 2019.  
- <strong>[KDD '19]</strong> <em>J. Wang, F. Yu, X. Chen, and L. Zhao</em>. “ADMM for Efficient Deep Learning with Global Convergence,” <em>in Proceedings of the ACM SigKDD Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining</em>, pp. 111~119, 2019.  
- <strong>[DAC '19]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “ReForm: Static and Dynamic Resource-Aware DNN Reconfiguration Framework for Mobile Devices,” <em>in Proceedings of the Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 183:1~183:6, 2019.  
- <strong>[DAC '19]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “MASKER: Adaptive Mobile Security Enhancement against Automatic Speech Recognition in Eavesdropping,” <em>in Proceedings of the Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 163:1~163:6, 2019.  
- <strong>[ASP-DAC '19]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “HAMPER: High-Performance Adaptive Mobile Security Enhancement against Malicious Speech and Image Recognition,” <em>in Proceedings of the Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conf.</em>, pp. 512~517, 2019.  
- <strong>[ASP-DAC '19]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “REIN: A Robust Training Method for Enhancing Generalization Ability of Neural Networks in Autonomous Driving Systems,” <em>in Proceedings of the Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conf.</em>, pp. 456~461, 2019.  
- <strong>[ASP-DAC '19]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Qin, F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “CAPTOR: A Class Adaptive Filter Pruning Framework for Convolutional Neural Networks in Mobile Applications,” <em>in Proceedings of the Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conf.</em>, pp. 444~449, 2019.  
- <strong>[GlobalSIP '18]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>Z. Zhang, X. Chen, and Z. Tian</em>. “A Hybrid Neural Network Framework and Application to Radar Automatic Target Recognition,” <em>in Proceedings of the IEEE Global Conference on Signal and Information Processing</em>, pp. 246~250, 2018.  
- <strong>[ISLPED '18]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, Z. Qin, F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “DiReCt: Resource-Aware Dynamic Model Reconfiguration for Convolutional Neural Network in Mobile Systems,” <em>in Proceedings of the ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Low Power Electronics and Design</em>, pp. 37:1~37:6, 2018.  
- <strong>[ISVLSI '18]</strong> <em>C. Liu, Q. Dong, F. Liu, F. Yu, and X. Chen</em>. “ReRise: An Adversarial Example Restoration System for Neuromorphic Computing Security,” <em>in Proceedings of the IEEE Computer Society Annual Symposium on VLSI</em>, pp. 470~475, 2018.  
- <strong>[ICCAD '17]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>J. Mao, Z. Qin, Z. Xu, K. Nixon, X. Chen, H. Li, and Y. Chen</em>. “AdaLearner: An Adaptive Distributed Mobile Learning System for Neural Networks,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conf.\ on Computer-Aided Design</em>, pp. 291~296, 2017.  
- <strong>[ICCAD '17]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Qin, Z. Xu, Q. Dong, Y. Chen, and X. Chen</em>. “VoCaM: Visualization Oriented Convolutional Neural Network Acceleration on Mobile Systems,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conference on Computer-Aided Design</em>, pp. 835~840, 2017.  
- <strong>[ICCAD '17]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>J. Mao, Z. Yang, W. Wen, C. Wu, L. Song, K. Nixon, X. Chen, H. Li, and Y. Chen</em>. “MeDNN: A Distributed Mobile System with Enhanced Partition and Deployment for Large-Scale DNNs,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conference on Computer-Aided Design</em>,  pp. 751~756, 2017.  
- <strong>[SoCC '17]</strong> <em>L. Broyde, K. Nixon, X. Chen, and H. Li</em>. “MobiCore: An Adaptive Hybrid Approach for Power-Efficient CPU Management on Android Devices,” <em>in Proceedings of the IEEE International System-on-Chip Conference</em>, pp. 221~226, 2017.  
- <strong>[DATE '17]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>J. Mao, X. Chen, K. Nixon, C. Krieger, and Y. Chen</em>. “MoDNN: Local Distributed Mobile Computing System for Deep Neural Network,” <em>in Proceedings of the Design Automation and Test in Europe Conference</em>, pp. 1396~1401, 2017.  
- <strong>[ICCAD '16]</strong> <em>K. Nixon, X. Chen, and Y. Chen</em>. “Scope: Quality Retaining Display Rendering Workload Scaling based on User-Smartphone Distance,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conference on Computer-Aided Design</em>, pp. 1~6, 2016.  
- <strong>[RSP '16]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, J. Mao, K. Nixon, and Y. Chen</em>. “MORPh: Mobile OLED Power Friendly Camera System,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Symposium on Rapid System Prototyping</em>, pp. 7~11, 2016.  
- <strong>[SoCC '16]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, K. Nixon, and Y. Chen</em>. “Practical Power Consumption Analysis with Current Smartphones,” <em>in Proceedings of the IEEE International System-on-Chip Conference</em>, pp. 333~337, 2016.  
- <strong>[DAC '16]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, J. Mao, J. Gao, K. Nixon, and Y. Chen</em>. “MORPh: Mobile OLED-friendly Recording and Playback System for Low Power Video Streaming,” <em>in Proceedings of the Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 1~6, 2016.  
- <strong>[ASP-DAC '16]</strong> <em>K. Nixon, X. Chen, and Y. Chen</em>. “Footfall: GPS Polling Scheduler for Power Saving on Wearable Devices,” <em>in Proceedings of the Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 563~568, 2016.  
- <strong>[ASP-DAC '16]</strong> <em>K. Nixon, X. Chen, and Y. Chen</em>. “SlowMo: Enhancing Mobile Gesture-based Authentication Schemes via Sampling Rate Optimization,” <em>in Proceedings of the Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 462~467, 2016.  
- <strong>[DAC '15]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, J. Xue, and Y. Chen</em>. “DaTuM: Dynamic Tone Mapping Technique for OLED Display Power Saving based on Video Classification,” <em>in Proceedings of Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 8~12, 2015.  
- <strong>[DAC '14]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, M. Dong, C. Zhang, and Y. Chen</em>. “Demystify Smartphone Power Consumption: The Evolution of Smartphone Communication Modules,” <em>in Proceedings of the Design Automation Conference</em>, 2014.  
- <strong>[CODES+ISSS '13]</strong> <em>M. Zhao, X. Chen, Y. Chen, and J. Xue</em>. “Online OLED Dynamic Voltage Scaling for Video Streaming Applications on Mobile Devices,” <em>in Proceedings of International Conf. on Hardware/Software Co-design and System Synthesis</em>, pp. 1~10, 2013.   
- <strong>[RTSS '13]</strong> <em>M. Zhao, X. Chen, Y. Chen, and J. Xue</em>. “Online OLED Dynamic Voltage Scaling for Video Streaming Applications on Mobile Devices,” <em>in Proceedings of the IEEE Real-Time Systems Symposium</em>, Vol. 10, Iss. 2, No. 18, 2013.  
- <strong>[ASP-DAC '13]</strong> <em>K. Nixon, X. Chen, Z.~H. Mao, Y. Chen, and K. Li</em>. “Mobile User Classification and Authorization based on Gesture Usage Recognition,” <em>in Proceedings of the Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 384~389, 2013.  
- <strong>[ICCAD '12]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, J. Xue, and Y. Chen</em>. “Mobile Devices User --- The Subscriber and also the Publisher of Real-Time OLED Display Power Management Plan,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conference on Computer-Aided Design</em>, pp. 687~690, 2012.  
- <strong>[ICCAD '12]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, B. Liu, M. Zhao, J. Xue, X. Guo, and Y. Chen</em>. “Active Compensation Technique for the Thin-Film Transistor Variations and OLED Aging of Mobile Device Displays,” <em>in Proceedings of the International Conference on Computer-Aided Design</em>, pp. 516~522, 2012.  
- <strong>[DAC '12]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, M. Zhao, J. Zeng, J. Xue, and Y. Chen</em>. “Quality-Retaining OLED Dynamic Voltage Scaling for Video Streaming Applications on Mobile Devices,” <em>in Proceedings of the Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 1000~1005, 2012.  
- <strong>[ASP-DAC '12]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, J. Zeng, Y. Chen, and H. Li</em>. “Fine-grained Dynamic Voltage Scaling on OLED Display,” <em>in Proceedings of the Asia and South Pacific Design Automation Conference</em>, pp. 807~812, 2012.  
- <strong>[CICC '11]</strong> <em>P. Wang, X. Chen, Y. Chen, H. Li, S. Kang, X. Zhu, and W. Wu</em>. “A 1.0V 45nm Nonvolatile Magnetic Latch Design and Its Robustness Analysis,” <em>in Proceedings of the IEEE Custom Integrated Circuits Conference</em>, pp. 1~4, 2011.  
- <strong>[WCSE '09]</strong> <sup>◦</sup> <em>X. Chen, Z. Zhang, and R. Chen</em>. “A Real-Time Driving Fatigue Monitoring DSP Device based on Computing Complexity of Binarized Image,” <em>in Proceedings of IEEE International Workshop on Computer Science and Engineering</em>, pp. 84~89, 2009.   