---
title: "Journal Articles"
collection: publications
---
- <strong>[IEEE-TCAD '24]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>F. Yu, Z. Xu, L. Shangguan, D. Wang, D. Stamoulis, R. Madhok, N. Karianakis, A. Li, C. Liu, Y. Chen, and X. Chen</em>. “Rethinking Latency-Aware DNN Design With GPU Tail Effect Analysis,” <em>IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems</em>, May 2024.  
- <strong>[IEEE-TCCN '24]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>W. Zhang, Y. Wang, X. Chen, L. Liu, and Z. Tian</em>. “Collaborative Learning based Spectrum Sensing under Partial Observations,” <em>IEEE Transactions on Cognitive Communications and Networking</em>, Apr. 2024.  
- <strong>[IEEE-TNNLS '23]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>P. Xu, Y. Wang, X. Chen, and Z. Tian</em>. “QC-ODKLA: Quantized and Communication-Censored Online Decentralized Kernel Learning via Linearized ADMM,” <em>IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems</em>, Sep. 2023.  
- <strong>[IEEE-TC '22]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, J. Xiong, and X. Chen</em>. “HeliosX: Heterogeneity-Aware Federated Learning for Dynamic Edge Collaboration Management,” <em>IEEE Transactions on Computers</em>, to appear.  
- <strong>[IEEE-TC '22]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, W. Zhang, Z. Qin, Z. Xu, D. Wang, C. Liu, Z. Tian, and X. Chen</em>. “Fed$^2$X: Feature-Aligned Large-Scale Federated Learning Systems,” <em>IEEE Transactions on Computers</em>, to appear.  
- <strong>[HPC '22]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, Z. Xu, Z. Qin, and X. Chen</em>. “Privacy-Preserving Federated Learning for Transportation Mode Prediction based on Personal Mobility Data,” <em>High-Confidence Computing</em>, Dec. 2022.  
- <strong>[ACM-TECS '22]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, and X. Chen</em>. “LanCeX: A Versatile and Lightweight Defense Method against Condensed Adversarial Attacks,” <em>ACM Transactions on Embedded Computing Systems</em>, Aug. 2022.  
- <strong>[IEEE-TCAD '22]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, C. Liu, D. Wang, Y. Wang and X. Chen</em>. “AntiDoteX: Attention-based Neural Network Runtime Efficiency Dynamic Optimization,” <em>IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems</em>, Jan. 2022.  
- <strong>[JMLR '21]</strong> <sup>*</sup> <em>P. Xu, Y. Wang, X. Chen, and Z. Tian</em>. “COKE: Communication-Censored Decentralized Kernel Learning,” <em>Journal of Machine Learning Research</em>, Vol. 22 No. 196, pp. 1~35, Oct. 2021.  
- <strong>[IEEE-TCAD '21]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Qin, F. Yu, Z. Xu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “CaptorX: A Class-Adaptive Convolutional Neural Network Reconfiguration Framework,” <em>IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems</em>, Feb. 2021.  
- <strong>[IEEE-TCAD '20]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>F. Yu, Z. Qin, C. Liu, D. Wang, and X. Chen</em>. “REIN the RobuTS: Robust DNN-based Image Recognition in Autonomous Driving Systems,” <em>IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems</em>, Oct. 2020.  
- <strong>[IEEE-TCAD '20]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Xu, F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “DiReCtX: Dynamic Resource-Aware CNN Reconfiguration Framework for Real-Time Mobile Application,” <em>IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems</em>, May 2020.  
- <strong>[GMU-JSSR '19]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>R. Yu, L. Punya, K. Wang, Z. Qin, and X. Chen</em>. “CAPTURE: An End-to-End Mobile Implementation for a Computationally Optimized Deep Learning Framework,” <em>Journal of Student-Scientists' Research, George Mason University</em>, Nov. 2019.  
- <strong>[AMC-MFC '18]</strong> <sup>†</sup> <em>Z. Qin, F. Yu, C. Liu, and X. Chen</em>. “How Convolutional Neural Networks See the World --- A Survey of Convolutional Neural Network Visualization Methods,” <em>Advances in Mathematics of Communications Journal on Mathematical Foundations of Computing</em>, Vol. 1, Iss. 2, No. 149, pp. 149~180, May 2018.  
- <strong>[ACM-ETCS '12]</strong> <em>Z. Sun, X. Chen, Y. Zhang, H. Li, and Y. Chen</em>. “Non-volatile Memories as the Data Storage System for Implantable ECG Recorder,” <em>ACM Journal on Emerging Technologies in Computing Systems</em>, Vol. 8, Iss. 2, No. 13, pp. 1~16, Jun. 2012.  